gentlemen welcome back to the shop we
got some stuff been a long time coming
to show you and a long time coming in
the mail which is directly opposite as a
married man des the way I normally come
we got some beautiful enveloped in pink
something or other used tools look like
from that beautiful Manx some Scottish
wee lad from the Isle of Man that's
right big Clive sent me a package and
this you will recognise as the beta test
of the e DM this is of course for the
project we're and we take a 3d printer
and turn it into an electric not a
electronic dance music machine but a
electric discharge machine and the
problem has always been and remains the
power supply what you need to do is get
pulses of DC power into an electrode in
order to erode away metal and it's
there's no force involved but the the
electronic supply is non-trivial and we
had we had tried to do it
me and the Pokes the cop elliptic
inventor and that kind of just went by
the wayside it died the slow death of a
million cuts so credit where credit is
due
give yourselves a slap on the back and a
gurgle and a chuckle you made this
happen this is gonna be open sourced
once we attempt to not let the smoke out
test her out make sure she works cout
will likely do a group buy so if anybody
wants a EDM power supply after we test
her out
we got the brain box over here no janky
Ness to her at all
she's pretty chrome uhland yeah this is
the power of the Internet man
and if you're interested in doing some
EDM machining this is going to be the
fur dolly and preemptively to save
some grief in the comments all just for
the cynics I'll just beat you to the
punch here yes I am well aware that
applied science Ben he made one but it's
a different kind of system
it's a through-hole and it's just for
drilling holes so what we are doing is
is using a power supply with the 3d
printer and we're gonna mesh all that
together so if you have a 3d printer
you'll be able to EDM that was the focus
of the thing also you'll note he is
using a store-bought off-the-shelf power
supply which is quite expensive what's
in the bag man what's in enveloped in a
beautiful I would expect no less from
the man himself Oh beautiful old tool
something after my own heart
King dick made in China angle and King
dick that reminds me of when I was a
younger man somebody said to me oh look
at that that's like the applied tools
resurrection he sent me some of these
little guys - very slick Thank You Clive
that reminds me when I was a younger man
somebody said to me I got a trick for
making your dick 12 inches long 12
inches long I says I ain't cutting my
dick off for nobody to which he replies
and I'm making this part up oh sure go
on you're hung like a baby
absolutely I'm 6 pounds 4 ounces 22
inches long I never claimed to be the
sharpest bulb but in the shed but when I
had some young horn man sends you a king
dick wrapped in a pretty pink package
there can be little doubt that he wants
you to manhandle his tool having grown
up under the propaganda of Kentucky Stan
these sass catch you on socket sets here
what are made by hand tool rescue are
very close approximation to the original
King dick
however one thing I noticed off the hop
here is that these are standard threads
fine they look like no they're not fine
pitch and a quarter inch national course
this guy's a little bit bigger but if
you look at that threads there and there
is a fair bit of shmoo on there you see
here the threads the treads young lad
are either acne or whitworth but they're
flat square crusted almost like a
buttress thread very much stronger for a
tool what's actually moving back and
forth then just your typical fastening
thread I don't have any numbers to back
that up but yeah you'll just have to
take my word for or not these are cool
because he no longer need to steel the
machinist micrometer x' to count tiny
things say you're going to the washroom
so these he puts a lot of work into
these there's a lot of handwork and he
finishes him they're nice he does do use
that cherry red stuff just to get the
patina on there which i think is
completely useless but a shotgun
seong-gu that i believe they're still
available on his website he makes them
help support his channel and they're
they're a cute little gadget you know
sometimes you're looking for something
to buy for somebody and giveaway or
whatever these this is that thank you
big clive for your king dick right in my
inbox better than my outbox and thank
you fellas what chuck some legal tender
at me to go and buy beer i do buy beer
the rest of it gets wasted on projects
like this thank you very much I'm much
obliged and I appreciate your help
spring should watch it
keep your decking of ice and stay tuned
for this and she's a good